Welcome back.
It's time to create our own graph.
And I've created the template here for you.
You can also create your own if you want, but I've only included things that let you focus on the critical
part.
We have a graph class and a few methods that we're going to have to add.
Now we're going to recreate a graph right here, a undirected, unweighted graph.
Like this using adjacency list.
And for the adjacency list, we're going to use a hash table.
So how are we going to go about doing this?
Well.
I have a few things that I've set up for you.
One is that in the constructor we have simply number of nodes that will have to increment just to keep
track of how many nodes or vertex is or vertices we have in our graph.
And also I've created the adjacent list for you, which is an object.
And as you do this exercise, you're going to realize why we want to use, let's say, an object versus
an array.
Because if we start removing things from the graph or placing things in the graph, that's out of order.
It's going to cost us a lot.
Remember, a raise on shifting and shifting is expensive.
With objects, we can quickly find items and see their connections.
So that ideally in this case where we have three or let's look at zero, in this case we'll have zero
is going to be connected to an array of its connections, which will be.
One and two.
So we'll have something like this.
Your task is to add a new method called Add Vertex that adds a new node or a vertex.
The naming here kind of goes back and forth and then also add edge.
That is to add a connection between Node one and No.
Two.
And keep in mind that this is un directed.
If I could spell.
It's an undirected graph, so both node one and No.
Two point to each other.
And if you scroll down here, I've actually created the calls, the function calls that we're going
to do.
We've created the graph, and then I'm creating zero all the way through six, just like we have on
the graph here.
And then we're going to add the edges.
That is the connection between everything.
One is connected, zero zero is connected to two.
Six is connected to five.
Simply just saying this.
I'm never repeating myself.
That means I'm never saying add three and one and then saying Add edge one and three.
I only say this once.
And that's the key.
And also the order doesn't matter if I switch the order of these calls around, it should still give
me this graph.
All right.
I know you're excited to get coding, but the final thing, and this is only optional if you want to
do this yourself, you can also code it yourself.
But it's not really that important for this video.
I've created a small helper function called Show Connections.
And you can look through this function if you want.
It's not really important to the core of the course.
But I've made this so you can check your work.
Because if I run this.
Using at the end my graph show connections.
It's going to print out the answer like this.
And it's going to show all the connections of the graphs that you've created.
And this way you can check that these connections, that is Node four, is connected to three, two
and five.
Node four is connected to three, two and five.
Just like we have here.
All right, that's enough for me.
Good luck in this exercise, and I'll see you in the solution video.
Bye bye.